docs: Add sample of horizontally scaled Oracle BLOB validation (#1404)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: samples/oracle/lob_validations.md

```sql
SELECT id,CASE WHEN DBMS_LOB.GETLENGTH(col_blob) = 0 OR col_blob IS NULL THEN NULL ELSE LOWER(DBMS_CRYPTO.HASH(col_blob,4)) END col_blob FROM dvt_test.tab_blob;
```

PostgreSQL query, including the primary key column for matching with source data:
```sql
SELECT id,encode(sha256(col_blob),'hex') AS col_blob FROM dvt_test.tab_blob;
```

DVT command:
```sh
data-validation validate custom-query row \
 -sc ora_conn -tc pg_conn \
 --source-query="SELECT id,CASE WHEN DBMS_LOB.GETLENGTH(col_blob) = 0 OR col_blob IS NULL THEN NULL ELSE LOWER(DBMS_CRYPTO.HASH(col_blob,4)) END col_blob FROM dvt_test.tab_blob" \
 --target-query="SELECT id,encode(sha256(col_blob),'hex') AS col_blob FROM dvt_test.tab_blob" \
 --primary-keys=id \
 --comparison-fields=col_blob \
 --format=text
```

The hash values from both systems match, output edited to stack the values:
```
source_column_name | col_blob
source_agg_value   | dfb1bcf4eae00791a2cb06899495f46a3fb9e08467eb81499b5122a0917085a8
target_agg_value   | dfb1bcf4eae00791a2cb06899495f46a3fb9e08467eb81499b5122a0917085a8
validation_status  | success
```

> # Data Validation of Oracle CLOB
> 
> The method above can also be used on CLOB columns with only a small change to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DVT command above can also be used on CLOB columns with only a small change to
```

Removing the duplicate header "# Data Validation of Oracle CLOB" and adjusting phrasing
